docs/credits/credits.md, before:

# Autocheck
**Copyright © 2021 by [Fernando Porrino Serrano](https://github.com/FherStk) (under the AGPL license)**\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/FherStk/AutoCheck/blob/master/LICENSE](https://github.com/FherStk/AutoCheck/blob/master/LICENSE).

# Third party software and licenses:
Please notice than this project could not be possible without the help of:

## [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
Under the MIT license by [Bootstrap](https://github.com/twbs)\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/blob/main/LICENSE](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/blob/main/LICENSE).

## [DocFX](https://github.com/dotnet/docfx)
Under the MIT license by [Microsoft Corporation](https://github.com/dotnet)\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/dotnet/docfx/blob/dev/LICENSE](https://github.com/dotnet/docfx/blob/dev/LICENSE).

## [ExCSS](https://github.com/TylerBrinks/ExCSS)
Under the MIT license by [Tyler Brinks](https://github.com/TylerBrinks)\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/TylerBrinks/ExCSS/blob/master/license.txt](https://github.com/TylerBrinks/ExCSS/blob/master/license.txt).

## [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com)
Main logo and icon made by [Freepik](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik) from [www.flaticon.com](https://www.flaticon.com)
Further details about the license can be found at [https://www.freepikcompany.com/legal#nav-flaticon](https://www.freepikcompany.com/legal#nav-flaticon).

## [Google Drive API](https://github.com/googleapis/google-api-dotnet-client)
Under the Apache 2.0 license by [Google APIs](https://github.com/googleapis)\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/googleapis/google-api-dotnet-client/blob/master/LICENSE](https://github.com/googleapis/google-api-dotnet-client/blob/master/LICENSE).   

## [HtmlAgilityPack](https://html-agility-pack.net/)
Under the MIT license by [zzzprojects](https://github.com/zzzprojects)\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/khalidabuhakmeh/ConsoleTables/blob/master/LICENSE](https://github.com/zzzprojects/html-agility-pack/blob/master/LICENSE).    

## [jQuery](https://jquery.com/)
Under the MIT license by [jquery](https://github.com/jquery)\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/jquery/jquery/blob/main/LICENSE.txt](https://github.com/jquery/jquery/blob/main/LICENSE.txt).

## [NCalc2](https://github.com/sklose/NCalc2)
Under the MIT license by [Sebastian Klose](https://github.com/sklose)\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/sklose/NCalc2/blob/master/LICENSE](https://github.com/sklose/NCalc2/blob/master/LICENSE).

## [Noty](https://github.com/needim/noty)
Under the MIT license by [Nedim Arabacı](https://github.com/needim)\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/needim/noty/blob/master/LICENSE.txt](https://github.com/needim/noty/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).

## [Npgsql](https://www.npgsql.org/)
Under the PostgreSQL license by [The Npgsql Development Team](https://www.npgsql.org/index.html)\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/npgsql/npgsql/blob/master/LICENSE.txt](https://github.com/npgsql/npgsql/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).

## [SharpZipLib](https://github.com/icsharpcode/SharpZipLib)
Under the MIT license by [Mike Krüger](https://github.com/icsharpcode)\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/icsharpcode/SharpZipLib/blob/master/LICENSE.txt](https://github.com/icsharpcode/SharpZipLib/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).

## [SSH.NET](https://github.com/sshnet/SSH.NET)
Under the MIT license by [Gert Driesen](https://github.com/drieseng)\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/sshnet/SSH.NET/blob/develop/LICENSE](https://github.com/sshnet/SSH.NET/blob/develop/LICENSE).

## [ToolBox](https://github.com/deinsoftware/toolbox)
Under the MIT License by [Camilo Martinez](https://dev.to/equiman)\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/deinsoftware/toolbox/blob/master/LICENSE](https://github.com/deinsoftware/toolbox/blob/master/LICENSE).

## [XPath2.Net](https://github.com/StefH/XPath2.Net)
Under the Microsoft Public License by [Stef Heyenrath](https://github.com/StefH)\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/StefH/XPath2.Net/blob/master/license](https://github.com/StefH/XPath2.Net/blob/master/license).

## [YamlDotNet](https://github.com/aaubry/YamlDotNet)
Under the MIT License by [Antoine Aubry](https://github.com/aaubry)\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/aaubry/YamlDotNet/blob/master/LICENSE.txt](https://github.com/aaubry/YamlDotNet/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).

Commit message:

Copy detector has been improved, now is using a diff library instead of manually word counting

docs/credits/credits.md, after:

# Autocheck
**Copyright © 2021 by [Fernando Porrino Serrano](https://github.com/FherStk) (under the AGPL license)**\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/FherStk/AutoCheck/blob/master/LICENSE](https://github.com/FherStk/AutoCheck/blob/master/LICENSE).

# Third party software and licenses:
Please notice than this project could not be possible without the help of:

## [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/)
Under the MIT license by [Bootstrap](https://github.com/twbs)\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/blob/main/LICENSE](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/blob/main/LICENSE).

## [Diff Match and Patch](https://github.com/google/diff-match-patch)
Under the Apache 2.0 license by [Google](https://github.com/google/diff-match-patch)\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/google/diff-match-patch/blob/master/LICENSE](https://github.com/google/diff-match-patch/blob/master/LICENSE).

## [DocFX](https://github.com/dotnet/docfx)
Under the MIT license by [Microsoft Corporation](https://github.com/dotnet)\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/dotnet/docfx/blob/dev/LICENSE](https://github.com/dotnet/docfx/blob/dev/LICENSE).

## [ExCSS](https://github.com/TylerBrinks/ExCSS)
Under the MIT license by [Tyler Brinks](https://github.com/TylerBrinks)\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/TylerBrinks/ExCSS/blob/master/license.txt](https://github.com/TylerBrinks/ExCSS/blob/master/license.txt).

## [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com)
Main logo and icon made by [Freepik](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik) from [www.flaticon.com](https://www.flaticon.com)
Further details about the license can be found at [https://www.freepikcompany.com/legal#nav-flaticon](https://www.freepikcompany.com/legal#nav-flaticon).

## [Google Drive API](https://github.com/googleapis/google-api-dotnet-client)
Under the Apache 2.0 license by [Google APIs](https://github.com/googleapis)\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/googleapis/google-api-dotnet-client/blob/master/LICENSE](https://github.com/googleapis/google-api-dotnet-client/blob/master/LICENSE).   

## [HtmlAgilityPack](https://html-agility-pack.net/)
Under the MIT license by [zzzprojects](https://github.com/zzzprojects)\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/khalidabuhakmeh/ConsoleTables/blob/master/LICENSE](https://github.com/zzzprojects/html-agility-pack/blob/master/LICENSE).    

## [jQuery](https://jquery.com/)
Under the MIT license by [jquery](https://github.com/jquery)\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/jquery/jquery/blob/main/LICENSE.txt](https://github.com/jquery/jquery/blob/main/LICENSE.txt).

## [NCalc2](https://github.com/sklose/NCalc2)
Under the MIT license by [Sebastian Klose](https://github.com/sklose)\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/sklose/NCalc2/blob/master/LICENSE](https://github.com/sklose/NCalc2/blob/master/LICENSE).

## [Noty](https://github.com/needim/noty)
Under the MIT license by [Nedim Arabacı](https://github.com/needim)\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/needim/noty/blob/master/LICENSE.txt](https://github.com/needim/noty/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).

## [Npgsql](https://www.npgsql.org/)
Under the PostgreSQL license by [The Npgsql Development Team](https://www.npgsql.org/index.html)\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/npgsql/npgsql/blob/master/LICENSE.txt](https://github.com/npgsql/npgsql/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).

## [SharpZipLib](https://github.com/icsharpcode/SharpZipLib)
Under the MIT license by [Mike Krüger](https://github.com/icsharpcode)\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/icsharpcode/SharpZipLib/blob/master/LICENSE.txt](https://github.com/icsharpcode/SharpZipLib/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).

## [SSH.NET](https://github.com/sshnet/SSH.NET)
Under the MIT license by [Gert Driesen](https://github.com/drieseng)\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/sshnet/SSH.NET/blob/develop/LICENSE](https://github.com/sshnet/SSH.NET/blob/develop/LICENSE).

## [ToolBox](https://github.com/deinsoftware/toolbox)
Under the MIT License by [Camilo Martinez](https://dev.to/equiman)\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/deinsoftware/toolbox/blob/master/LICENSE](https://github.com/deinsoftware/toolbox/blob/master/LICENSE).

## [XPath2.Net](https://github.com/StefH/XPath2.Net)
Under the Microsoft Public License by [Stef Heyenrath](https://github.com/StefH)\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/StefH/XPath2.Net/blob/master/license](https://github.com/StefH/XPath2.Net/blob/master/license).

## [YamlDotNet](https://github.com/aaubry/YamlDotNet)
Under the MIT License by [Antoine Aubry](https://github.com/aaubry)\
Further details about the license can be found at [https://github.com/aaubry/YamlDotNet/blob/master/LICENSE.txt](https://github.com/aaubry/YamlDotNet/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).
